[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi, I'm Bob Bailey, a learning
specialist with Brightcove.
In this video, we'll see how
to create a smart playlist.
A playlist is a
collection of videos
that are grouped together in a
particular order for playback
in a Brightcove player.
To create a playlist,
open the Media module.
Some playlists may be displayed
in the side navigation panel.
But to see all the playlists,
click All Playlists
in the side navigation panel.
To create a new playlist,
click Create Playlist
in the side navigation panel.
I'll start by giving
the playlist a name.
There are two types of
playlists, manual and smart.
In a smart playlist,
videos are assigned
to the playlist automatically,
based upon video properties.
Manual playlists are
covered in another video.
I'm going to click
on Smart Playlist
and then click Create Playlist.
The playlist settings
allow you to specify
how the videos will
be sorted and how
many videos will be displayed.
Next, I need to configure which
videos will be in the playlist.
I'm going to create a playlist
for all of my bird videos.
All of my bird videos
are tagged "birds,"
so I'll select a parameter of
tags and then enter "birds."
When I'm done, I'll click Apply.
Notice that all my videos
that are tagged with "birds"
are automatically
added to the playlist.
On the Overview tab, clicking
Show Playlist in Sidebar
will cause the playlist to
display in the side navigation
panel for easy access.
Now, as new videos
are tagged "birds,"
they will automatically
be added to this playlist.
Likewise, if the "birds"
tag is removed from a video,
it will be removed from
the birds playlist.
To edit any of the playlist
settings, click Edit Settings.